c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\ProyectoIsima.dll.config
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\ProyectoIsima.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\ProyectoIsima.pdb
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\obj\Debug\ProyectoIsima.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\obj\Debug\ProyectoIsima.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\obj\Debug\ProyectoIsima.pdb
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\db2admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoIsima\ProyectoIsima\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
